2022.09.0 release summary (#7107)
pydata/xarray: doc/whats-new.rst

    np.random.seed(123456)

.. _whats-new.2022.09.0:

v2022.09.0 (September 9, 2022)
------------------------------

> This release brings a large number of bugfixes and documentation improvements, as well as the public option to set your

Reviewer: ("public option" sounds unfamiliar but no strong view, feel free to discard)

```suggestion
This release brings a large number of bugfixes and documentation improvements, as well as an external interface for custom indexes
```
